Global threat updates to CC 3.16 and next versions (#584)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud_versioned_docs/version-3.16/threat/suspicious-ips.mdx

### Recommended

> We recommend that you turn down the aggregation of flow logs sent to Elasticsearch for configuring threat feeds. If you do not adjust flow logs, Calico Enterprise aggregates over the external IPs for allowed traffic, and threat feed searches will not provide useful results (unless the traffic is denied by policy). Go to: [FelixConfiguration](../reference/resources/felixconfig.mdx) and set the field, **flowLogsFileAggregationKindForAllowed** to **1**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you turn down the aggregation of flow logs sent to Elasticsearch for configuring threat feeds. If you do not adjust flow logs, {{prodname}} aggregates over the external IPs for allowed traffic, and threat feed searches will not provide useful results (unless the traffic is denied by policy). Go to: [FelixConfiguration](../reference/resources/felixconfig.mdx) and set the field, **flowLogsFileAggregationKindForAllowed** to **1**.
```

Reviewer: Same fix in other file, if applicable.

Author: Good catch, Chris! It's fixed
